when they led to a generator it transforms the kinetic energy that
generates in braking in electrical energy
in the return to the regulations allows to store a maximum of 400 kilos
each pilot will have that extra power to use it as he wants in each
turn by pressing a button that the steering wheel is centered
around 80 horses for 6
die swimming problems
the weight of the baby well its volume
a place where to place his 30 kilos of weight is going to be key this year another of
the problems was to combat the electric shocks that the system causes
but it is that you perform exercises in the discharge that you gave to this mechanic
of the equipment when touching the car
for this there will be a signal code and warning lights
In addition, all those who have to touch the cars must wear gloves
the psc theory is that we can
I would prefer to pick up in the car area when they brake
and to come back in the long run or the short general we also know that it has been a
challenge for engineers and a monumental helmet for teams
in many cases it has touched 100 million euros
a system that should have been postponed and is not necessary
these types of mechanical and electrical cancer
All equipment except for Uria will use the electrical system
the electrical one is more complex of the newspapers more dangerous because it uses
Lithium ion batteries to store energy
the system consists of a generator that transforms the energy
kinetics that are generated
each round the regulation allows to store a maximum of 400 kilos
juniors
Each pilot has that extra power to use it as he wants in each
return
by pressing a button the steering wheel is centered around 80
more horses for six and a half seconds
Another problem that has generated the kers has been the electric shock
that causes after several scares a code of signals and lights has been created
warning that indicates the state of the acs
the usual procedure is excellent
e your intention to jump car
with the two feet the stop does not always have a foot on the ground and a car
but good that's going to be very difficult to happen the batteries are very good
isolated from what is the car in general idol
what has a high voltage is
very well protected
I know we have that warning but
I think it should have never been subtle
they see that the judge dictated besides expensive and a problem for the engineers
it is a dangerous and unknown weapon
the mechanics and engineers who have learned how it works but we will see
see if some clueless pilot would bundle her by giving the little button at the moment
should not
I think in the end we will use all the button
in the same places and it will not do any good not because we have one behind
another P
I do not think it's a good question
we still need to know how to resist the system in case of a
strong impact of the car those who are here for months insisting on
the chassis